Effects of candesartan and enalapril on p wave dispersion in patients with essential Hypertension.
维尔亚和依那普利对原发性高血压患者心电图P波离散度的影响。
Exchange Method Between Electrocardiogram Information System and Hospital Information System.
心电信息系统与HIS系统的数据交换方法
138 Cases of Hypertension in Patients with Left Ventricular Hypertrophy TCM Analysis.
138例高血压病左室肥厚患者中医辩证规律分析
Study on feature extraction of leukocyte image based on fractal.
基于分形维数的白细胞图像特征提取研究
Research of Main Motor Control System on Aseptic Milk Filling Machine.
无菌液态奶灌装机主电动机控制系统研究
The main emphasis of our research has shifted to the prevention of infection and septicemia.
我们研究的重点转到预防感染和败血病方面来。
Research of the Hemostasis Effect of Chitosan Acetic Acid Solution.
壳聚糖醋酸溶液对凝血作用的研究
Clinical analysis of 40 cases of mucosa contact point headache.
鼻腔黏膜接触点性头痛40例临床分析
Research of a Method for Detecting Apnea of Obstructive Position.
一种检测呼吸暂停阻塞部位方法的研究
Most people do not have to be hospitalized for asthma or pneumonia.
大多数哮喘或肺炎患者无需住院。
He was suffering from chronic bronchitis.
他患有慢性支气管炎。
Effects of communication method improvement on patients with stroke dysphasia.
改进沟通方法对脑卒中语言障碍患者抑郁程度的影响
My wife is in b-four, stroke and aphasia.
妻子住在b-4房间，患的是中风和失语症。
Damages and the sound track or consumes wound lung being mad, may also cause the aphonia.
损及声道或耗伤肺气者，亦可导致失音。
Clinical analysis of 70 cases of advanced esophageal carcinoma without dysphagia.
70例无吞咽困难的中晚期食管癌临床分析
Bacteria in plaque also cause gingivitis and other periodontal diseases.
菌斑中的细菌还可以导致牙龈炎及其他牙周病。
Clinical analysis of two kinds of physical means on chronic laryngitis.
两种物理因子治疗慢性喉炎的临床分析
Gastroenteritis is a disease characterized by abdominal pain, diarrhea, headache, and fever.
胃肠炎是以腹痛、腹泻、头痛和发烧为特征的一种疾病。
What problem should gastrorrhagia note daily?
胃出血日常该注意哪些问题？
The diagnosis and treatment of acute peritonitis in patients with advanced age.
超高龄急性腹膜炎的诊断与治疗
Doctors performed an emergency operation for appendicitis last night.
医生昨天夜里做了紧急阑尾炎手术。
Conclusions: Rectal palpation and proctoscopy is simple, feasible and safe, it is most important way to diagnosis early rectal carcinoma.
结论：直肠指检和直肠镜检简便、易行、安全，是诊断早期直肠癌的一项最重要的方法。
Sweat is an excretion.
汗是一种排泄物。
he doctor tested him for hepatitis.
医生对他进行了肝炎病检查。
What could be the cause of hepatomegaly in this case?
该病例中肝脏增大机制是什么？
In this way, the membrane fluidity of living Ehrlich ascites tumor cells was determined.
用此法测定了艾氏腹水癌细胞的膜流动性。
The fast glycemia basically maintained within normal range.
其空腹血糖基本维持在正常范围内。
Cystitis and urethritis are complications of prolonged use of indwelling catheters.
膀胱炎和尿道炎是长期应用留置导尿管的并发症。
Preliminary Clinical Application of CT Virtual Cystoscopy in Bladder Lesions.
CT仿真内镜在膀胱病变的临床应用初步研究
Selection of Nursing Based on Differential Diagnosis to 18 Postoperative Dysuria Patients.
18例术后癃闭病人的辨证施护
111
11
