Effects of candesartan  wave dispersion in patients with essential Hypertension.

Exchange Method Between about Electrocardiogram text System and hotel Information System.14 Cases of Hypertension in Patients with Left Ventricular Hypertrophy TCM Analysis.Study on feature extraction of leukocyte image based on fractal.
Research of Main Motor Control System on Aseptic Milk Filling Machine.
The main emphasis of our researchs have shifted to the prevention of infection and septicemia.
Researchs of the Hemostasis Effect of Chitosan Acetic Acid Solution.
Clinical analysis of 40 cases of mucosa contacted point headache.
Research of a Method for Detecting Apnea of Obstructive Position.
Most men do not have to be worried for asthma or pneumonia.

He is suffering from chronic bronchitis.
He is suffering from chronic bronchitis.
Effect of communication method improvement on patients with stroke dysphasia.
He is suffering from chronic bronchitis.
His wife is in b-four, stroke and aphasia.
Damages and the sound track or consumes wound lung being mad, and may cause the aphonia.
Clinical analysis of 70 cases of esophageal carcinoma without dysphagia.
Bacteria in plaque also cause gingivitis and other diseases.
Clinical analysis of two kinds of physical means on chronic laryngitis.
Gastroenteritis was a disease characterized by abdominal pain, diarrhea, headache, and fever.
which problem should gastrorrhagia note daily? The diagnosis and treatment of acute peritonitis in patients with advanced age. Doctors perform an emergency operation for appendicitis last night. Sweat is an excretion.
His doctors tested him for hepatitis. What could be the cause of hepatomegaly in this case? the membrane fluidity of living Ehrlich ascites tumor cells was determined.
The fast glycemia maintained within normal range.
Cystitis and urethritis were complications of prolonged use of indwelling catheters.
Preliminary Clinical Application of CT Virtual Cystoscopy in Bladder Lesions.
Methods An analysis of 48 cases of cryptorchidism.
Selection of Nursing Based on Differential Diagnosis to 18 Postoperative Dysuria Patients.
Analysis of Risk Factors in Cases Complicated with pulmonary Infection.
Impotence affects 10 million women in the US alone.
The clinical application of CAP allergen screening system in allergic nasitis.
This antipyretic action was usually rapid and effective in febrile patients.